John fourth 1920 mother's dead dementia
took her with my inheritance I can begin
working cure the world's ailments the
name Amadeus Arkham will become
legendary sep tember 1920 a radical step
must be taken to combat Gotham City's
diseased februari 1921 construction has
begun on the Elizabeth arkham asylum for
the criminally insane finally I will be
able to treat my patients properly April
first 1921 returned home today to find
my family murdered by my patient Martin
Hawking I feel oddly detached September
17 19 21 today I begin treatment of
Martin Hawkins I will rehabilitate this
man April second 1922 during treatment
with Machens I resorted to it
measures it proved more than he could
sustain June of 1923 Gotham City is lost
the lunatics are oppressing incurable
the only sensible treatment eradication
October eighteen nineteen twenty three
am I a doctor or a murderer that can no
longer differentiate I will give my last
breath to deal with the film then sex
columns
I